hello hello hello the zeros that are the
jealousy is an emotional reaction that
has the human being and the black also
Today, Mirror, Mirror, has the most
black who
the heavens appear when there are threats
that you can lose that person that
have the children always accompanied
to give confidence if you do not have much
trust support that will have many
zeros
gracias.patricia I do not go to your wife or
because they are a formal couple so that
Be jealous and you already like a little bit already
you can feel the courts by
example I do not realize that you have a
friend that you like very much but she
think that that is your best friend and yesterday
thing gets complicated a little bit is there
when the shack is going to tell you
luxuries and details everything he does with his
boyfriend and friend you do not know you saw them weave
and tomás had invited me to his house to
see a movie yes yes yes I remember good
that end and I live the fight we were
lying down and suddenly
how to solve the problem
let's think how we have to be able to improve
we can give you some tips and friend
I have to tell you what happened yesterday to the
girl me my boyfriend with a bouquet of flowers
and a box of flowers chocolates
Chocolates can not be that in a book
if they gave you flowers and chocolates
there is short good boy and I ran a
friend that's why I had to tell you and
Now that he leaves everything because the other day
I saw your boyfriend eating domina that
it was from my background the guy a woman
different
good
for an hour let's see the different
types of jealousy that may appear
where are you going to take out the trash to get the
junk and think that I suck my finger and
insurance mean those two bags
which is a gift for the other or insurance
which are photos with the other
explain to me explain to me is a pulse of
fat junk quality I've already caught it
ojito ojito
who are repsol in because you do not
leave
or the rope by waves
for your old woman's house and that I went to
do
to look for some things
look do not lie to me do not lie to me now
I'm watching you in a house outside in the
path with a man hugging him so
so I called who is jack jack jack to you
old now it turns out that your old man at
turn out that your old
so you and me
that killed him who went to boluda a
Mine gave him I like the photos my boyfriend
But what's wrong with it?
bad surely you know each other
sure they ate super capable
now I was dying with her
only this was the video
free
Busy busy subscribing for the
new consumers who speak well
be me
if he will subscribe letters that limit me
sing to the sun I'm going to break the glasses
from your house
subscribe to my subscribed channel
love
I'm not going to break your glasses
So do not be home delivery in cat and
limits I do not have a casting to its limit
If I'm not going to break the glasses
your house
well now I will say the body
i
and